README.md, before:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/img/logo-margin/logo-teal.png" alt="FAST API"/>
<h2 align="center"> FastAPI Template </h2>
<h4 align="center"> A template for the beginners </h4>


---
## About
This is a beginner's template for getting started with FastAPI.
It uses SQLAlchemy as the ORM. 

Contributions are welcome. 

## Features

- [x] Database Connection Using SQLAlchemy
- [x] FastAPI Server
- [x] Unit Testing with PyTest
- [x] Basic CRUD for Posts

<br>

## Dependencies

- Python 3.7+
- Pip
- Other listed in requirements.txt

## Running

- Clone the repo using

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mdhishaamakhtar/fastapi-sqlalchemy-postgres-template
```

- Create a Virtual Environment using

```bash
sudo pip install virtualenv
virtualenv env
```

- Activate the virtualenv

```bash
env\Scripts\activate # for windows
source env/bin/activate # for linux and mac
```

- Install dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Setting up environment variables

| Key     | Value |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| DATABASE_URL   | postgresql://user:password@host:port/db|

- To run the project

```bash
uvicorn main:app
```

## Contributors

<table>
	<tr align="center">
		<td>
		Md Hishaam Akhtar
		<p align="center">
			<img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58990970/103586688-9cde9700-4f0b-11eb-915c-0d8b9a555159.JPG" width="150" height="150" alt="Md Hishaam Akhtar">
		</p>
			<p align="center">
				<a href = "https://github.com/mdhishaamakhtar">
					<img src = "https://www.iconninja.com/files/241/825/211/round-collaboration-social-github-code-circle-network-icon.svg" width="36" height = "36" alt="GitHub"/>
				</a>
				<a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/mdhishaamakhtar">
					<img src = "https://www.iconninja.com/files/863/607/751/network-linkedin-social-connection-circular-circle-media-icon.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="LinkedIn"/>
				</a>
			</p>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>

Commit message:

feat: Add documentation section to README and include Sphinx in requirements

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
<img src="https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/img/logo-margin/logo-teal.png" alt="FAST API"/>
<h2 align="center"> FastAPI Template </h2>
<h4 align="center"> A template for the beginners </h4>


---
## About
This is a beginner's template for getting started with FastAPI.
It uses SQLAlchemy as the ORM. 

Contributions are welcome. 

## Features

- [x] Database Connection Using SQLAlchemy
- [x] FastAPI Server
- [x] Unit Testing with PyTest
- [x] Basic CRUD for Posts

<br>

## Dependencies

- Python 3.7+
- Pip
- Other listed in requirements.txt
## Documentation

This project uses automated tools to generate and maintain up-to-date documentation. The documentation is generated using AI, ensuring it reflects the latest changes in the codebase. 

To generate the documentation, run the following command:

```bash
# Command to generate documentation
```

The generated documentation will be available in the `docs/` directory.

- Clone the repo using

```bash
git clone https://github.com/mdhishaamakhtar/fastapi-sqlalchemy-postgres-template
```

- Create a Virtual Environment using

```bash
sudo pip install virtualenv
virtualenv env
```

- Activate the virtualenv

```bash
env\Scripts\activate # for windows
source env/bin/activate # for linux and mac
```

- Install dependencies

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Setting up environment variables

| Key     | Value |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| DATABASE_URL   | postgresql://user:password@host:port/db|

- To run the project

```bash
uvicorn main:app
```

## Contributors

<table>
	<tr align="center">
		<td>
		Md Hishaam Akhtar
		<p align="center">
			<img src = "https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/58990970/103586688-9cde9700-4f0b-11eb-915c-0d8b9a555159.JPG" width="150" height="150" alt="Md Hishaam Akhtar">
		</p>
			<p align="center">
				<a href = "https://github.com/mdhishaamakhtar">
					<img src = "https://www.iconninja.com/files/241/825/211/round-collaboration-social-github-code-circle-network-icon.svg" width="36" height = "36" alt="GitHub"/>
				</a>
				<a href = "https://www.linkedin.com/in/mdhishaamakhtar">
					<img src = "https://www.iconninja.com/files/863/607/751/network-linkedin-social-connection-circular-circle-media-icon.svg" width="36" height="36" alt="LinkedIn"/>
				</a>
			</p>
		</td>
	</tr>
</table>
